Various typo fixes (#2)
FrankYFTang/intl-zoneddatetimeformat: README.md

* Temporal.PlainYearMonth
* Temporal.Instant

Other Temporal objects are proposed NOT to be be formatted by Intl.DateTimeFormat:
* Temporal.Calendar 
* Temporal.TimeZone
* Temporal.Duration: Formatted by [Intl.DurationFormat](https://tc39.es/proposal-intl-duration-format/)

There was an earlier attempt in the Temporal proposal to change Intl.DateTimeFormat to also format Temporal.ZonedDateTime but [cannot reach consensus after endless discussion about how to resolve the timeZone from both objects](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-temporal/pull/2479#issuecomment-1472407831).

This proposal proposes a new Intl formatter, Intl.ZonedDateTimeFormat, designed to format [Temporal.ZonedDateTime](https://tc39.es/proposal-temporal/#sec-temporal-zoneddatetime-objects) objects and leave Intl.DateTimeFormat not to support the format of Temporal.ZonedDateTime.

# Alternative Consideration

## What Temporal.ZonedDateTime.prototype.toLocaleString cannot?

Two reasons why we cannot just use Temporal.ZonedDateTime.prototype.toLocaleString but need a new object:

> * The need to formate a string to represent the time period between TWO Temporal.ZonedDateTime. toLocaleString can only format string for one of them, but not the range between two Temporal.ZonedDateTime. The formatRange (and formtRangeToParts) function will be able to do so in this object.

Author: ```suggestion
* The need to format string to represent the time period between TWO Temporal.ZonedDateTime. toLocaleString can only format string for one of them, but not the range between two Temporal.ZonedDateTime. The formatRange (and formatRangeToParts) function will be able to do so in this object.
```

> * Some of the important information could be computed and cashed into the object to speed up some performance during the format function. 

Author: ```suggestion
* Some of the important information could be computed and cached into the object to speed up some performance during the format function. 
```
